F.No. 220 (582)/Gold Medal/3rd Convocation/NSUT/2025/)SI 
NSUT is holding its Third Convocation on 11th December 2025. The tentative 
list of the Gold Medalist students who have successfully completed the requirements 
for award of Medals is given as under: 
NETAJI SUBHAS UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY 
A STATE UNIVERSITY GOVT. OF NCT OF DELHI 
(Formerly Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology) 
AZAD HIND FAUJ MARG, SECTOR-3, DWARKA, NEW DELHI-110078 
Phone no, 25000268-Ext.-2325, Fax. 25099025 Website: www.nsut. ac.in 
BIO TECHNOLOGY 
NOTICE 
[student list removed: personal data redacted][student list continued: personal data redacted][student list continued: personal data redacted]Guidelines for the Award of Vice Chancellor and Chancellor Medals 
The University recognizes the academic achievements of its stådents in the form of 
award of convocation medals and merit certificates that are given to the students at the 
time of graduation during the convocation ceremony. With reference to Clause 15 of the 
Ordinance-II of the University dealing with the result, award of degree and medals, the 
following are the guidelines for award of the Certificate of Merit and Gold Medals for 
various programmes of study of the University. 
A. Medals Instituted by the University 
1, Chancellor's Gold Medal: The Chancellor's Gold Medal is awarded to students 
who have demonstrated exceptional academic excellence in classes of significant 
size, reflecting both individual achievement and competitive rigor. The UG and 
PG class or programme must have a minimum of 30 graduands and 10 
graduands respectively, to ensure a competitive and significant academic 
context. It shall be awarded to one studernt each, who is declared the overall 
topper in the following categories: 
All 3-year UG degree programmes. 
All 4-year UG degree programmnes. 
All 2-year PG degree programmes. 
2. Vice-Chancellor's Gold Me dal: The Vice Chancellor's Gold Medal is awarded to 
honor students who have demonstrated outstanding academic excellence. The 
VG and PG class or programme must have a minimum of 15 graduands and 05 
graduands respectively to ensure a competitive and significant academic context. 
It shall be awarded to one student each, who is declared the topper in the 
O Each branch discipline of UG programme. 
O Each branch discipline of PG programme. 
3. Students of UG/PG programmes shall be considered for award of Certificate of 
Merit & Gold Medals, subject to the following conditions: (a) The Gold Medals shall be awarded to students from amongst those students who 
have secureda CGPA of 8.0 or above. 
The student has passed all papers/subjects of the programme within tne 
minimum time stipulated in the scheme of study applicable to the programme. 
(c) The stådent has passed each paper/subject of the programme when the Ppaper 1s 
ottered tor the first time during regular examination of the batch in which the 
student was admitted. For PG programmes the dissertation (if applicable) must be 
the date as notified by the University. 
(d) A student who has been awarded punishment/UFM for a major indiscipline 
would not be eligible for the award of medals and in these cases the decision of the 
(e) The students who are admitted/migrated in second or subsequent years of the 
programme or admitted in Part-Time programme or exited before the stipulated 
duration of the programme shall not be considered for Certificate of Merit & Gold 
4. CGPA shall be counted up to third decimal place for the purpose of award of 
Certificate of Merit & Gold Medal. 
In accordance with aforesaid clauses, the topper of each branch/ programme 
shall be the one who obtains highest Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) for 
credit-based programmes under grading system. 
In case of a tie between tWo or more students of any branch /programme, 
following procedure shall be followed to break the tie and decide the topper: 
(a) The student with highest CGPA after excluding the courses which do not have 
any Lecture component in the scheme of teaching will be the topper. 
(b) In case tie is not resolved by sub para 6(a), then the student with highest CGPA 
after excluding the elective courses will be the topper. 
(c) In case tie is not resolved by sub para 6(a) and 6(b), then the student with the 
highest sum of product of marks obtained in each paper and credits assigned to 
each paper divided by total credits, will be the topper. n Case tie is not resolved by sub para 6la), 6(b), and 6(c),, then the stud 
the highest sum of marks in theorv components of papers divided by the Sum o 
maximum marks of the theory components of these papers, will be the toPP 
(e n case tie is not resolved by sub para 6(a), 6(b), 6(c), and 6(d), then the student 
With highest sum of marks in theory components of non-elective papers dividea by 
the sum of maximum marks of the theory components of these papers, will be the 
() In case tie is not resolved by sub para 6la), 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), and 6(e) above, then 
all such students shall be awarded the Certificate of Merit and Gold Medal. 
7. The list of the students to be awarded the Certificate of Merit and Gold Medal 
shall be prepared by the Controller of Examination and shall be submitted to the 
Academic Section for verification and approval of the Vice-Chancellor. 
8. A student shall be awarded only one University medal at a time, regardless of 
eligibility for multiple medals. In the event thata student qualifies for more than 
one medal, the student shall be awarded the medal with the higher merit. This 
ensures that the student benefits from the most significant recognition for their 
9. Certificate of Merit and Gold Medals shall be awarded in the Convocation or any 
other function to be held after the completion of requirement for the award of the 
degree. If the awardee does not collect the Gold Medal within a period of two 
years from the convocation in which it is awarded, the same shall be deemed to 
have not been collected and may be reused by the University in subsequent 
10. Notwithstanding anything stated in these guidelines, for any unforeseen issues 
arising and not covered by these guidelines, or in the event of differences of 
interpretation, the Vice-Chancellor may take a decision. The decision of the Vice 
Chancellor shall be final and binding. 